---
layout: post
title:      "Passion for sneakers turn coder"
date:       2019-07-29 17:25:59 +0000
permalink:  passion_for_sneakers_turn_coder
---


   For most people, there comes a point when you think what is your passion. When I graduated from high school, I thought I know what I would like to be when I grow up a doctor. Started going to a community college but once I found out how long and the amount of stress a doctor goes through, my interest didn't stay for long and it was a career chosen by the fact that most doctors make above average salary. I kept going to school but I could tell my interest was not there. I decided to join the military, i just felt like I needed to get away from the city I was in. I felt like I was going nowhere, working a minimum wage job and partying everyday as teenagers do. I decided to try and join the coast guard. I did my research and I saw how the Coast Guard was definitely my best option. Months later I was being shipped to boot camp. Boot camp changed the way I saw the world and it made me grow up. There was no later night partying, no more family events, and I studied more in the Coast Guard then I did anywhere else. I was getting qualified left and right, making new friends but it quickly went away when an event happened, that made me have to leave the Coast Guard. I went in the military at a young age and when I was given the opportunity to get out, I took it. 

   I only did two years in the Coast Guard, but the experience I gained, stayed with me forever. Once I got out, I wanted to get a career as soon as possible. I turned 20 and felt as I wasted a lot of time. I didn't want to go into any job, so I decided to go medical again. I didn't want to be a doctor, so I looked into being a medical assistant, since there was a school for it right down the road from where I lived. I attended the school and year went by, and I was receiving my certificate. The internship I went to offered me a job. Six years later, I am still in the same career. I learned a lot about the medical field. My medical terminology was to the roof. I had a couple job changes as the years went by, but I knew this is not what I wanted to be doing for the rest of my life.
	 
	You are probably thinking what does software engineering have to do with any of this. Well here is when it starts, in the beginning I said i was born in New York and I stayed there until about the 6th grade and then moved to Florida. New York had a big influenced on the way I thought about things growing up. I was into fashion, music, and I had a lot of pride of being a New Yorker. I always wanted to have the latest Jordans, Nike SB, etc. So you could say I was one of those people in high school that wanted to dress to impress but I didn't have the income to get them. I got whatever my parents could afford at the time. I wasn't really into sneakers when I was in college or the military. I did buy a few here and there. Years past and when I was about 24-25, I had a cousin that started my interest again on sneakers by showing me that we could have bought them back in the day. The resell of them were triple to quadruple the price of the retail. I started to do my research and saw how profitable buying and selling sneakers are. I started to buy sneakers and resell them, but there was an issue.
	 
	 These sneakers were pretty hard to get on the release date. The item will sell out in seconds or it would be impossible to even purchase them because the website would crash, freeze, or unresponsive, but then all of sudden it was sold out. I did my research and found that there is a community of people buying sneakers to resell, and they use bots! I was like no wonder these things sell out so fast. I quickly started learning about these bots and purchased one. I started to get these limited sneakers and selling them for a good price. That was just the start, I started to know hot to navigate on the website. Looking for loopholes in the open source on chrome. Seeing all this coding and i just wanted to know exactly what all of this meant. Some stuff was pretty obvious and that's when I started to learn about coding. I downloaded free apps and some people showed me where to find free classes online, etc. My interest with coding and learning how people made these bots would not go away. I thought why not make this a career, I enjoy learning it, if I understand it why not kick it up a notch. The future is coding and I want to be a part of it. So here i am today!
